Version History for Graph copyright 2000-2001 by Daniel S Rogers
**newversion**
Fixed Bugs:
	Fixed some stupid bugs assocated with sanity checking the values in the settings window

0.9
New Features:
	j( n, x )    (a.k.a. Bessel's first solution)  and y( n , x )   (a.k.a Bessel's second solution) work
	internals are now much more thread safe
	added polar and parametric coordinate systems
	improved mouse handling code
	probably others, but I can't remember
Fixed Bugs:
	Found another bug with the interpreter that caused a seg fault.  It's all fixed now.
	The color patch now displays the correct color
	The graph no longer misbehaves if the function is really wiggilly (like sin(1/x)) if you are
		using parametrics and setting "t step" small
Known Bugs:
	None (yay!)

0.8
New Features:
	added a zoom box to the Function List
	included some gui improvments that were sumitted by Stephan Assmus
	Added a color selection button.  functions can now have different colors
	Added tick marks.  Set the spacing with x step and y step
Fixed Bugs:
	negation now prioritizes correctly.  This, I hope, fixes the last bug with the interpreter.  If you 
	    have function is still drawing incorrectly, please tell me what they are so I can fix them.
Known Biugs:
	The graph starts to misbehave if the function is really wiggilly (like sin(1/x))
	j( n, x )    (a.k.a. Bessel's first solution)  and y( n , x )   (a.k.a Bessel's second solution) don't work
	
 

0.7
New Features:
	redesigned the gui.  I like it better now.
	The function list is now the way it should be: with a scroll bar and in a seperate window
	Added the ability to open and close the settings and funtion window, without quitting the app.
	Added a checkbox to turn off the graphing of an individual function
	rewrote much code in preperation for different colors, thicknesses, and coordinate systems
		the result of which was some simplifications and a couple of minor speed ups
Fixed Bugs:
	floating windows now behave the way I want them too.
	The mouse handling code pissed me off! (it's better now)
Known Bugs:
	sometimes the save panel disappeares for no apearent reason.  If someone has some insite
		into this, please let me know.
	negation doesn't prioritize correctly, If you want to use negation, enclose what you want to
		negate in parenthses.
	The graph starts to misbehave if the function is really wiggilly (like if you take sin(x) and make 
		xMax and xMin really big)
	j( n, x )    (a.k.a. Bessel's first solution)  and y( n , x )   (a.k.a Bessel's second solution) don't work


0.6
New Features:
	Added a zoom-in.  Try shift+click and drag the box that you want the new graph to zoom to.
	Added a zoom-out.  Double click on the graph
	I am told copying to the clipboard works now with programs that understand native bitmaps
		I haven't tested it myself (Thank Dario Accornero for that fix)
	Saving the graph as bitmap works (finally!  again thank Dario Accornero for pointing me in the 
		right direction)
Fixed Bugs:
	Fixed two memory leaks (one was due to Dario, thanks again!)
Known Bugs:
	negation doesn't prioritize correctly, If you want to use negation, enclose what you want to
		negate in parenthses.
	The graph starts to misbehave if the function is really wiggilly (like if you take sin(x) and make 
		xMax and xMin really big)
	j( n, x )    (a.k.a. Bessel's first solution)  and y( n , x )   (a.k.a Bessel's second solution) don't work
		actually this was in the last version, but I forgot to tell anyone


0.5
New Features:
	Added the ability to move the graph around with the mouse by clicking on the
		graph and dragging
	Added a Menu bar and an about box
	rewrote DrawGraph().  Redrawing the graph is now about 7-10x faster
	Completely rewrote Interpreter.cpp, it is now about 7-10x faster
	Fixed a bug that caused certain classes of functions to crash BeOS (i.e. x^cos(x))
	Fixed a bug that prevented some functions from drawing (i.e. x^x)
	Added an offscreen buffer.  Redrawing is very fast now
Known Bugs:
	Copying a graph to the clipboard doesn't work and I don't know how to fix it.
		if you know anything about copying a bitmap to a clipboard, please fix
		GraphWindow::CopyGraph() and send me the new function to
		dsrogers@uclink4.berkeley.edu

0.4
Add the ability to graph multiple functions
Many bugs fixed
several bugs added (I think)
Moved the settings to a seperate window
Add several functions to the interpreter (abs, j, y, gamma, erf and erfc)
Added sanity checks to the window bounds.
Fixed bug that caused Graph to crash if parens were unmatched
Fixed a bug that caused an empty function to draw a line at y=0.
Fixed a bug that caused an invalid bug to draw a line at y=0

0.3
never released

0.2.1
first release to the general public because of a bug that caused BeOS to crash

0.2
first release that I prepared for public release
